{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8700\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # About me\
\
1. My name is: Nathan Kinkella. \
2. My email address is: nkinkella@hotmail.com \
\
# Lesson proposal \
\
3. My lesson title is: Transporting Keynote presentations to Google Drive.  \
4/5. Lesson Abstract: Let me explain this through a personal story. It was the due date for a presentation, and and I had my presentation formatted using keynote on the MacBook Air. When it was my turn to present and when I went up the computer would not accept Keynote. So the professor pushed my presentation back by a couple people, using that time a friend helped me to transport the slides from Keynote to Google Drive. Then when my turn came around everything worked out.\
\
6. Learning outcomes:\
	- Transporting Keynote slides to Google Drive.\
	- And knowing which settings need to be turned on to allow the transfer to happen. \
\
7. The course that is most relevant to my tutorial: Really any subject that might require a presentation. \
\
8. The discipline/research area most relevant to your tutorial. The most relevant field for my tutorial is probably: business, humanities, and social sciences. \
\
9. Intended submission date. 01/29/2020.\
\
10. Does the lesson use free technology? Yes, the lesson uses free technology.  \
 }